[docs][serve][llm] Reorganize Ray Serve LLM documentation with user guides and improved navigation (#57787)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/llm/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

Common issues and frequently asked questions for Ray Serve LLM.

## Frequently asked questions

### How do I use gated Huggingface models?

You can use `runtime_env` to specify the env variables that are required to access the model. To get the deployment options, you can use the `get_deployment_options` method on the {class}`LLMServer <ray.serve.llm.deployment.LLMServer>` class. Each deployment class has its own `get_deployment_options` method.

```python
from ray import serve
from ray.serve.llm import LLMConfig
from ray.serve.llm.deployment import LLMServer
from ray.serve.llm.ingress import OpenAiIngress
from ray.serve.llm.builders import build_openai_app

import os

llm_config = LLMConfig(
    model_loading_config=dict(
        model_id="llama-3-8b-instruct",
        model_source="meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct",
    ),
    deployment_config=dict(
        autoscaling_config=dict(
            min_replicas=1, max_replicas=2,
        )
    ),

>     # Pass the desired accelerator type (e.g. A10G, L4, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Pass the desired accelerator type (e.g., A10G, L4, etc.)
```

    accelerator_type="A10G",
    runtime_env=dict(
        env_vars=dict(
            HF_TOKEN=os.environ["HF_TOKEN"]
        )
    ),
)

app = build_openai_app({"llm_configs": [llm_config]})
serve.run(app, blocking=True)
```

### Why is downloading the model so slow?

> If you're using Huggingface models, you can enable fast download by setting `HF_HUB_ENABLE_HF_TRANSFER` and installing `pip install hf_transfer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Hugging Face models, you can enable fast download by setting `HF_HUB_ENABLE_HF_TRANSFER` and installing `pip install hf_transfer`.
```
